doc(telemetry): collect SPDK node disk type (#807)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/references/settings.md

**Node Information collected from all cluster nodes includes:**
- Number of disks of each device type (HDD, SSD, NVMe, unknown).
  > This value may not be accurate for virtual machines.

> - Number of disk of each Longhorn disk type (block, filesystem).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number of disks for each Longhorn disk type (block, filesystem).
```

- Longhorn namespace UID.
- Number of Longhorn nodes.
- Number of volumes of each access mode (RWO, RWX, unknown).

> - Number of volumes of each backup storage driver (v1, v2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Number of volumes of the backend storage driver in each data engine (v1, v2).
```

- Longhorn namespace UID.
- Number of Longhorn nodes.
- Number of volumes of each access mode (RWO, RWX, unknown).

> - Number of volumes of the backend storage driver in each data engine (v1, v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number of volumes associated with the backend store driver in each data engine (v1, v2).
```
